Add clarifying examples of possible errant conditions (#21200)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/garbage-collection/implementing-disposeasync.md

## Stacked usings

> In situations where you create and use multiple objects that implement <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable>, it's possible that stacking `await using` statements with <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.ValueTask.ConfigureAwait%2A> could prevent calls to <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable.DisposeAsync> in errant conditions. In order to help prevent potential concern, you should avoid stacking, and instead follow one of these example patterns:

Reviewer: The example patterns include three acceptable ones and one unacceptable one, so I don't think "follow one of these example patterns" works with the structure here. I'd suggest removing the H3 pattern headings. Then have a sentence or paragraph to introduce the bad example.

```suggestion
In situations where you create and use multiple objects that implement <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable>, it's possible that stacking `await using` statements with <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.ValueTask.ConfigureAwait%2A> could prevent calls to <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable.DisposeAsync> in errant conditions. To ensure that <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable.DisposeAsync> is always called, you should avoid stacking. The following three code examples show acceptable patterns to use instead.
```

### Acceptable pattern one

:::code language="csharp" id="one" source="../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR/conceptual.asyncdisposable/stacked-await-usings.cs":::

### Acceptable pattern two

:::code language="csharp" id="two" source="../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR/conceptual.asyncdisposable/stacked-await-usings.cs":::

### Acceptable pattern three

> :::code language="csharp" id="three" source="../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR/conceptual.asyncdisposable/stacked-await-usings.cs":::

Reviewer 2: In general, I'd recommend a brief description in text of each of these patterns. I put the comment here, because it took me a bit of time to think through what code would go in the `// ...` comment.

Just one or two sentences stating when the object is disposed (asynchronously) in each pattern.
